GoogleDrive - Added missing arguments to perform actions in Shared Drives (#29518)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleDrive/Integrations/GoogleDrive/README.md

| GoogleDrive.Drive.Drive.restrictions.domainUsersOnly | Boolean | Whether access to this shared drive and items inside this shared drive is restricted to users of the domain to which this shared drive belongs. This restriction may be overridden by other sharing policies controlled outside of this shared drive. | 
| GoogleDrive.Drive.Drive.restrictions.driveMembersOnly | Boolean | Whether access to items inside this shared drive is restricted to its members. | 

### google-drive-drive-delete

***
Deletes a shared drive.

#### Base Command

`google-drive-drive-delete`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | use_domain_admin_access | Issue the request as a domain administrator. If set to true, then the requester will be granted access if they are an administrator of the domain to which the shared drive belongs. Possible values are: true, false. Default is false. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| use_domain_admin_access | If set to true, then the requester will be granted access if they are an administrator of the domain to which the shared drive belongs. Possible values are: true, false. Default is false. | Optional | 
```

| user_id | The user's primary email address. | Optional | 
| fields | The fields you want included in the response. Default is kind, id, name, mimeType, description, starred, trashed, explicitlyTrashed, trashingUser, trashedTime, parents, properties, appProperties, spaces, version, webContentLink, webViewLink, iconLink, hasThumbnail, thumbnailLink, thumbnailVersion, viewedByMe, viewedByMeTime, createdTime, modifiedTime, modifiedByMeTime, modifiedByMe, sharedWithMeTime, sharingUser, owners, teamDriveId, driveId, lastModifyingUser, shared, ownedByMe, capabilities, viewersCanCopyContent, copyRequiresWriterPermission, writersCanShare, permissions, permissionIds, hasAugmentedPermissions, folderColorRgb, originalFilename, fullFileExtension, fileExtension, md5Checksum, size, quotaBytesUsed, headRevisionId, contentHints, isAppAuthorized, exportLinks, shortcutDetails, contentRestrictions, resourceKey, linkShareMetadata. | Optional | 
| supports_all_drives | Whether the requesting application supports both My Drives and shared drives. Possible values are: True, False. Default is False. | Optional | 

> | corpora | Bodies of items (files/documents) to which the query applies. Prefer 'user' or 'drive' to 'allDrives' for efficiency. By default, corpora is set to 'user'. However, this can change depending on the filter set through the 'query' argument. Possible values are: User, Domain, Drive, All Drivers. Default is User. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: The values here are what you use with the API with Google.
The user has no way to control them, only by your values.
```suggestion
| corpora | Bodies of items (files/documents) to which the query applies. Prefer 'User' or 'Drive' to 'All Drives' for efficiency. By default, corpora is set to 'User'. However, this can change depending on the filter set through the 'query' argument. Possible values are: User, Domain, Drive, All Drivers. Default is User. | Optional | 
```

| user_id | The user's primary email address. | Optional | 
| fields | The fields you want included in the response. Default is kind, id, name, mimeType, description, starred, trashed, explicitlyTrashed, trashingUser, trashedTime, parents, properties, appProperties, spaces, version, webContentLink, webViewLink, iconLink, hasThumbnail, thumbnailLink, thumbnailVersion, viewedByMe, viewedByMeTime, createdTime, modifiedTime, modifiedByMeTime, modifiedByMe, sharedWithMeTime, sharingUser, owners, teamDriveId, driveId, lastModifyingUser, shared, ownedByMe, capabilities, viewersCanCopyContent, copyRequiresWriterPermission, writersCanShare, permissions, permissionIds, hasAugmentedPermissions, folderColorRgb, originalFilename, fullFileExtension, fileExtension, md5Checksum, size, quotaBytesUsed, headRevisionId, contentHints, isAppAuthorized, exportLinks, shortcutDetails, contentRestrictions, resourceKey, linkShareMetadata. | Optional | 
| supports_all_drives | Whether the requesting application supports both My Drives and shared drives. Possible values are: True, False. Default is False. | Optional | 

> | corpora | Bodies of items (files/documents) to which the query applies. Prefer 'User' or 'Drive' to 'All Drives' for efficiency. By default, corpora is set to 'User'. However, this can change depending on the filter set through the 'query' argument. Possible values are: User, Domain, Drive, All Drivers. Default is User. | Optional | 

Reviewer: Why "Bodies of items"? Can't it just be Items?

Author: As discussed with Shirley offline, changing to "Files or documents to which the query applies."
